Docs: update troubleshooting doc (#2136)
kubeedge/kubeedge: docs/troubleshooting.md

## Container keeps pending/ terminating

1. Check the output of `kubectl get nodes`

> 2. Check the output of `kubectl describe pod <your-pod>`

Reviewer: `kubectl describe pod <your-pod>` can help check whether the pod is scheduled successfully.

> 2. Check the `edgecore` logs for any errors.
> 3. Check the architecture of the node running `edgecore` and make sure that container image you are trying to run is of the same architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Use `kubectl describe pod <your-pod>` to check whether the pod is scheduled successfully.
3. Check the `edgecore` logs for any errors.
4. Check the architecture of the node running `edgecore` and make sure that container image you are trying to run is of the same architecture.
```

   For example, if you are running `edgecore` on Raspberry Pi 4, which is of `arm64v8` architecture, the nginx image to be executed would be `arm64v8/nginx` from the docker hub.

> 4. Also, check that the `podSandboxImage` is correctly set as defined in [Modification in edgecore.yaml](./configuration/kubeedge.md#modification-in-edgecoreyaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Also, check that the `podSandboxImage` is correctly set as defined in [Modification in edgecore.yaml](./configuration/kubeedge.md#modification-in-edgecoreyaml).
```

> 5. If all of the above is correctly set, login manually to your edge node and run your docker image manually by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. If all of the above is correctly set, login manually to your edge node and run your docker image manually by
```

   ```shell
    docker run <your-container-image>
   ```

> 6. If the docker container image is not pulled from the docker hub, please check that there is enough space on the edge node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. If the docker container image is not pulled from the docker hub, please check that there is enough space on the edge node.
```

## Container keeps pending/ terminating

> 1. Check the output of `kubectl get nodes`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Check the output of `kubectl get nodes`, whether the node is running healthy. Note that nodes in unreachable, offline status cannot complete graceful/soft pod deletion until they come back to normal.
```

> 2. Use `kubectl describe pod <your-pod>` to check whether the pod is scheduled successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Check the output of `kubectl describe pod <your-pod>`, whether the pod is scheduled successfully.
```
